So we want to send the request to this server here, for this,
you can visit the react native docs and if you click on networking under the basics, you'll find how
you can send network requests to
as I said restful APIs. What you can use and what I will use is fetch API,
Now you may know that the fetch API is a browser API,
so in a web browser you can also use this to send behind the scenes requests to a server, so called Ajax
requests
though technically the fetch API is basically the more modern way of doing that. In case you want to use
your favorite javascript Ajax library like axios or something like that,
you could also use that in react native though because react native does not only support the fetch
API but also the older xml http request API which axios uses behind the scenes, so you can absolutely
also use that
and additionally, you can also use web sockets if you have that.
Now I don't have web sockets, I don't have the xml http request,
I will use this fetch API and you can find how it works on this page,
you can also click on this link to be taken to the MDN, Mozilla Developer Network page about it
to dive even deeper into it. Now what the fetch API simply does is it allows us to send a request,
either a get request like this or with more configuration,
all kinds of other requests like here, a post request but we will do this together.
So this is what we will use, this is the client we will use in our application, in our react native app,
the question just is where do we do this,
do we do this in the shared place.js
file, here place added handler where we currently dispatch an action, is that where we also store it on
a server? Because we obviously not only want to store it on our local redux store, we want to store it
on a server too,
so is that the place?
Well the place should be in the action creator,
if you have worked with redux before in a normal react app, you know that any side effects, any asynchronous
code should go into the action creator,
so here places.js. There there in add place,
I indeed would want to do this,
here we get all the place data and this is where I want to use that data to store it on a server and
thereafter, we can always decide what we want to do with it on our frontend
but for example we dont really need to manage our places list here anymore because we're probably
going to add some other logic to fetch places from the server anyways. But let's do one after the other.
Let's first of all learn how we can actually use add place to send the request. We'll start into this in
the next lecture.